Update publications.mdx with nf-core/detaxizer preprint (#3312)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/about/publications.mdx

doi: [10.7717/peerj.9001](https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.9001)
:::

### [nf-core/detaxizer](https://nf-co.re/detaxizer)

> :::tip{.fa-newspaper title="A pipeline to identify (and remove) certain sequences from raw genomic data."}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip{.fa-newspaper title="nf-core/detaxizer: A Benchmarking Study for Decontamination from Human Sequences"}
```

Author: I see, thanks!
